[DX-676] Update and added steps ce-redhat-rhel-centos.md (#3235)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-oss/ce-redhat-rhel-centos.md

Make sure to replace `el` and `8` in the config below with your Linux distribution and version:
```bash
[tyk_tyk-gateway]
name=tyk_tyk-gateway
baseurl=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/el/8/$basearch
repo_gpgcheck=1
gpgcheck=0
enabled=1
gpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/gpgkey
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
metadata_expire=300

[tyk_tyk-gateway-source]
name=tyk_tyk-gateway-source
baseurl=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/el/8/SRPMS
repo_gpgcheck=1
gpgcheck=0
enabled=1
gpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/gpgkey
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
metadata_expire=300
```

Update your local yum cache by running:
```console
sudo yum -q makecache -y --disablerepo='*' --enablerepo='tyk_tyk-gateway'
```

## Step 4: Install Packages

We're ready to go, you can now install the relevant packages using yum:
```bash
sudo yum install -y redis tyk-gateway
```

> *(you may be asked to accept the GPG key for our two repos and when the package installs, hit yes to continue)*

Author: Good idea! Changed it.

{{< tab_end >}}
{{< tab_start "Shell" >}}

## Supported Distributions
| Distribution | Version | Supported |
| --------- | :---------: | :---------: |
| Amazon Linux | 2 | ✅ |
| CentOS | 8 | ✅ |
| CentOS | 7 | ✅ |
| RHEL | 8 | ✅ |
| RHEL | 7 | ✅ |

## Requirements

*   Ensure port `8080` is open: this is used in this guide for Gateway traffic (the API traffic to be proxied).
*   EPEL (Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux) is a free, community based repository project from Fedora which provides high quality add-on software packages for Linux distribution including RHEL, CentOS, and Scientific Linux. EPEL isn't a part of RHEL/CentOS but it is designed for major Linux distributions. In our case we need it for Redis. Install EPEL using the instructions [here](http://fedoraproject.org/wiki/EPEL#How_can_I_use_these_extra_packages.3F) or with the following commands.

```console

> sudo dnf install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm

Author: Nope, focused on RHEL8.8 and didn't test that one, as you mentioned I am going to point to EPEL link for that installation as done in the past. The user can follow the dependecies installation from their site

> sudo dnf install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm

Author: Thank you!!

> sudo dnf install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm

Reviewer: @carlostyk @zalbiraw Is this resolved and ready for peer approval?

> sudo dnf install https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/epel-release-latest-8.noarch.rpm

Author: @dcs3spp - I will work on it and go with option 1, remove the installation of dependencies and keep only the configuration needed for Tyk.

Make sure to replace `el` and `8` in the config below with your Linux distribution and version:
```bash
[tyk_tyk-gateway]
name=tyk_tyk-gateway
baseurl=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/el/8/$basearch
repo_gpgcheck=1
gpgcheck=0
enabled=1
gpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/gpgkey
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
metadata_expire=300

[tyk_tyk-gateway-source]
name=tyk_tyk-gateway-source
baseurl=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/el/8/SRPMS
repo_gpgcheck=1
gpgcheck=0
enabled=1
gpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/gpgkey
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
metadata_expire=300
```

Update your local yum cache by running:
```console
sudo yum -q makecache -y --disablerepo='*' --enablerepo='tyk_tyk-gateway'
```

## Step 3: Install Tyk Gateway

Install the Tyk Gateway using yum:
```bash
sudo yum install -y tyk-gateway
```
{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

You may be asked to accept the GPG key for our two repos and when the package installs, hit yes to continue.
{{< /note >}}

## Step 4: Start Redis

If Redis is not running then start it using the following command:
```bash
sudo service redis start
```

> ## Step 6: Configuring The Gateway 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Configuring The Gateway 
```

{{< tab_end >}}
{{< tab_start "Shell" >}}

## Supported Distributions

| Distribution | Version | Supported |
| --------- | :---------: | :---------: |
| CentOS | 8 | ✅ |
| CentOS | 7 | ✅ |
| RHEL | 8 | ✅ |
| RHEL | 7 | ✅ |

## Requirements

Before you begin the installation process, make sure you have the following:

> *   Ensure port `8080` is open: this is used in this guide for Gateway traffic (the API traffic to be proxied).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Ensure port `8080` is open for Gateway traffic (the API traffic to be proxied).
```

Author: Thank you,!

> *   The Tyk Gateway has a dependencie on Redis find [here](https://tyk.io/docs/planning-for-production/redis/#supported-versions) the supported versions. Follow the steps provided by Red Hat to make the installation of Redis. You will need to search [here](https://access.redhat.com/search/?q=redis) the correct version and distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   The Tyk Gateway has a [dependency](https://tyk.io/docs/planning-for-production/redis/#supported-versions) on Redis. Follow the steps provided by Red Hat to make the installation of Redis, conducting a [search](https://access.redhat.com/search/?q=redis) for the correct version and distribution.
```

  
## Step 1: Create Tyk Gateway Repository Configuration

Create a file named `/etc/yum.repos.d/tyk_tyk-gateway.repo` that contains the repository configuration settings for YUM repositories `tyk_tyk-gateway` and `tyk_tyk-gateway-source` used to download packages from the specified URLs. This includes GPG key verification and SSL settings, on a Linux system.

Make sure to replace `el` and `8` in the config below with your Linux distribution and version:
```bash
[tyk_tyk-gateway]
name=tyk_tyk-gateway
baseurl=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/el/8/$basearch
repo_gpgcheck=1
gpgcheck=0
enabled=1
gpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/gpgkey
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
metadata_expire=300

[tyk_tyk-gateway-source]
name=tyk_tyk-gateway-source
baseurl=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/el/8/SRPMS
repo_gpgcheck=1
gpgcheck=0
enabled=1
gpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/tyk/tyk-gateway/gpgkey
sslverify=1
sslcacert=/etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt
metadata_expire=300
```

Update your local yum cache by running:

> ```bash

Reviewer: I think the text is more bolder and clearer when using _console_ styling

sudo yum -q makecache -y --disablerepo='*' --enablerepo='tyk_tyk-gateway'
```

## Step 2: Install Tyk Gateway

Install the Tyk Gateway using yum:
```bash
sudo yum install -y tyk-gateway
```
{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

You may be asked to accept the GPG key for our two repos and when the package installs, hit yes to continue.
{{< /note >}}

## Step 3: Start Redis

If Redis is not running then start it using the following command:
```bash
sudo service redis start
```
## Step 4: Configuring The Gateway 

You can set up the core settings for the Tyk Gateway with a single setup script, however for more complex deployments you will want to provide your own configuration file.

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

Replace `<hostname>` in `--redishost=<hostname>` with your own value to run this script.
{{< /note >}}

> ```bash

Reviewer: I think the text looks clearer and bolder with _console_ styling rather than _bash_ styling

Reviewer: @carlostyk Looking at the PR [preview](https://deploy-preview-3235--tyk-docs.netlify.app/docs/nightly/tyk-oss/ce-redhat-rhel-centos/) text styled with bash is more difficult to read 

```suggestion
```console
```

In this example, you don't want Tyk to listen on a single domain. It is recommended to leave the Tyk Gateway domain unbounded for flexibility and ease of deployment.

## Step 5: Start the Tyk Gateway

The Tyk Gateway can be started now that it is configured. Use this command to start the Tyk Gateway:

> ```bash

Reviewer: I think the text is clearer and bolder when using _console_ styling rather than _bash_

In this example, you don't want Tyk to listen on a single domain. It is recommended to leave the Tyk Gateway domain unbounded for flexibility and ease of deployment.

> ## Step 7: Start the Tyk Gateway

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 6: Start the Tyk Gateway
```

1. [Add an API]({{< ref "getting-started/create-api" >}})
2. [Create a Security Policy]({{< ref "getting-started/create-security-policy" >}})

> 3. [Create an API Key]({{< ref "getting-started/create-api-key" >}})

Author: mmmm I don't remember changing that one... It should be the same
